Purpose:
Copy the installer files (uImage.buffalo and initrd.buffalo) to the first partition/RAID array (/boot directory) on the device.

The Easyish way:
This can be accomplished a number of ways, the requirement is that the *.buffalo files end up on the first partiton of the drive which the device boots from. This partition must be formated using the EXT2 or EXT3 filesystem.

I prefer to start with a device already running Buffalo's firmware, this way you can reuse the existing RAID arrays and don't have to remove the drives, this is particularly nice for the 210/410 which require dissasembly to get access the drives.

If you are starting with a device running Buffalo's firmware:
1. Obtain a copy of acp-commander either form the tools directory or from https://github.com/Stonie/acp-commander
2. Run acp-commander (Java required):
   java -jar acp_commander_gui_156.jar
3. acp_commander should find the any devices running Buffalo's firmware on your network. Take note of the IP address if you don't already have it.
4. Enter the admin password for the device in the admin password field.
5. Send the command "chmod -R 777 /boot". The device usually needs to be rebooted after this step.
6. Click refresh in the lower-right corner, the device will usually show up as 192.168.11.150 or similar
7. Send the command "reboot". The device should restart. If it is not found or fails to restart, restart it manually.
8. Once the device is back online click refresh to bring it up again in acp-commander.
9. Send the command "busybox telnetd &". This should start the telnet daemon on the device.
10. Connect to the device via telnet, the username is "admin" and the password is your admin password for the device.
11. Navigate to the /boot directory.
12. Copy the installer files from your PC using sftp or wget.


If your starting with blank drives and do not wish to install the Buffalo firmware first:
1. Create a partition table using gdisk/parted etc.
2. Create partition 1 with enough space for the installer files.
3. Format partition 1 ext3 using mkfs.ext3.
4. Mount the partiton and copy uImage.buffalo and initrd.buffalo to it.
5. Insert that drive into the device as Drive 1.   


Once the installer files are in place, reboot your device to start the installer.
